{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f119\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f120\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f122\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f123\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f124\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f125\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f126\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f127\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red75\green75\blue75;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid6169547\rsid8194287
\rsid11216602\rsid16085866}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Jay:}{\author Annette Prescott}{\operator Jay}{\creatim\yr2004\mo4\dy12\hr16\min24}{\revtim\yr2004\mo4\dy12\hr16\min24}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords685}
{\nofchars3905}{\*\company Prescott Inc}{\nofcharsws4581}{\vern24689}}\margl1440\margr1440 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0
\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot16085866 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\insrsid11216602\charrsid11216602 Jay:
\par }{\insrsid11216602\charrsid11216602 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11216602 {\insrsid11216602\charrsid11216602 As I stand here before you reading these vows I\rquote ve composed \endash  I know that I am surely as dependent upon you 
as are you upon me.  As I think back to everything we\rquote ve been through, I cannot help to smile and think of all the wonderful days that are sure to come.  In times of both feast and famine, I have and I will hold the fruits of my
 labors in one hand and your heart in the other.  In times of sickness and health, I have and I will be here to provide for you.  And in those times of deep soulful searching, I have and I will seek you out as the one in which I confide
 because there is simply no other that I trust more.
\par 
\par Not only are you are the light of my life but you are the sole reason I wish to awake each and every morning.  It brings a smile to my face to know that \'93Till death do us part\'94 is what they would have us say.  I cannot help but to laugh as I know i
n my heart that there will never be an end to the love that has brought us here.  It is a love which will surely carry us through the rest of our lives and for that I am truly grateful.
  In so many ways you make me want to be a better man and for that I vow to love you for the rest of your life.
\par 
\par Annette I take you to be my lawfully wedded wife.  Before these witnesses I vow to love you and care for you
 as long as we both shall live.  I take you, with all your faults and your strengths, as I offer myself to you with my faults and my strengths.   I will help you when you need help, and will turn to you when I need help.   I choose you as the person with 
whom I will spend my life.  I offer this ring as a symbol of commitment to you.
\par 
\par GIVE RING
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\insrsid11216602\charrsid11216602 
\par Annette:
\par }{\insrsid11216602\charrsid11216602 
\par }{\insrsid6169547\charrsid11216602 Jay, I take you to be my lawfully wedded husband.  Before th
ese witnesses I vow to love you and care for you as long as we both shall live.  I take you, with all your faults and your strengths, as I offer myself to you with my faults and my strengths.  I will help you when you need help, and will turn to you when 
I need help.  I offer this ring to you as a symbol of our never-ending love.
\par 
\par }{\insrsid16085866\charrsid11216602 GIVE RING
\par 
\par }{\insrsid6169547\charrsid11216602 You came into my life at a time when I had given up on the idea of finding someone who would accept me as I am.  I love you because you do not ask me to be someone I am not.  You are }{\insrsid16085866\charrsid11216602 
the most }{\insrsid6169547\charrsid11216602 loving}{\insrsid16085866\charrsid11216602  and }{\insrsid6169547\charrsid11216602 supportive }{\insrsid16085866\charrsid11216602 man I have ever known.  }{\insrsid6169547\charrsid11216602 
I cannot count the times that you have been my knight in shining armor, which is why you truly make me feel like your princess.  I know that life will not be a fairy tale, but I look forward to our future together with feelings of joy and anticipation. 

\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16085866 {\insrsid6169547\charrsid11216602 My heart shall smile because of y
ou, and I promise that I will be faithful and honest to you.  I will respect, help and care for you as we share our life together. I want you to know that where you go I will go, where you stay I will stay, and that your family has become my family in my 
heart because I choose you as the person with whom I will make my life.}{\insrsid16085866\charrsid11216602  }{\insrsid8194287\charrsid11216602 I will always be honored to call you my best friend but most of all, my husband. }{
\insrsid16085866\charrsid11216602 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid6169547\charrsid11216602 
\par 
\par May we }{\insrsid8194287\charrsid11216602 pray?}{\insrsid6169547\charrsid11216602 
\par 
\par Heavenly Father, I come to you today and humbly acknowledge your presence here.  I thank you, God, for Jay, my one and only true love.  I know that he is your gift to me.  It is the sincere desire of my heart that you will bless our marriage. 
\par }{\cf17\insrsid6169547\charrsid11216602  }{\insrsid6169547\charrsid11216602 May the bond we make today never be broken. 
\par  May the memories we make tomorrow never be forgotten. 
\par  May the good times make us laugh and the bad times make us stronger. 
\par  May our love grow more every day. 
\par  May we never forget our individuality but always remember that together we are as one life and one heart. 
\par }{\insrsid16085866\charrsid11216602 
\par (}{\insrsid8194287\charrsid11216602 Invite}{\insrsid16085866\charrsid11216602  guests to join in saying ) 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid6169547\charrsid11216602 T}{\insrsid16085866\charrsid11216602 he Lord's Prayer:}{\insrsid6169547\charrsid11216602 
\par }{\insrsid16085866\charrsid11216602 
Our Father, who art in heaven, Hallowed be thy Name. Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, On earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, As we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead 
us not into temptation, But deliver us from evil. For }{\insrsid8194287\charrsid11216602 T}{\insrsid16085866\charrsid11216602 hine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever and ever. Amen.
\par }{\insrsid8194287\charrsid11216602 
\par \page }{\b\insrsid8194287\charrsid11216602 Marriage is the most important of all earthly relationships. It should be 
entered into reverently, thoughtfully and with full understanding of its sacred nature. Marriage is a gift of god, given to comfort the sorrow of life and magnify the joys. \line \line 
\par }{\insrsid8194287\charrsid11216602 \page \line \line }{\b\insrsid8194287\charrsid11216602 Love is always patient and kind, it is never jealous, love is never boastful 
or conceited, it is never rude or selfish, it does not take offense, and is not resentful. Love takes no pleasures in other people's sins but delights in the truth, it is always ready to excuse, to trust, to hope, and to endure whatever comes. Love does n
ot come to an end.
\par }}